provo six apparently this thing can
destroy your social life I'm pretty
skeptical but these lads invited me onto
their flat to share me how they play I
we spoke on the phone I'm here about the
film I thank you guys it seems a quien
make phone 10 prob alright guys so tell
me about all the stuff you got here
sweet scream their gender their speaker
their speaker main screen so how much is
a lot stuff costs Susan palm 1500 plane
yeah but that's quite expensive game yet
but when he lost fund I'm just how
addictive is pro either so addicted
nicely some of the high so high I mean
some of the laws are equal well this law
isn't that pretty extreme for what is
this is just a game just okay this guy
for real you don't know I do in my I've
been here a while and I've never seen
you cook anything what do you guys do
for food Oh each store to take aways and
speak what as we can find really
so how do you guys find time to do
simple things like even visit the toilet
oh well let's be honest we just we don't
actually use a conventional toilet while
we're playing probably botas I person
things and filming a person's here we
just find ways around it really how
important the tactics are noticing
little tactic work around the table I
can make a break going detective really
what we've got is the tactics book and
it just basically puts both players in
the right frame of mind of how we want
its up again I've city by friendly job
side you know you got snow goose
understandings so you spend quite a lot
of time perfecting your tactics dogs
guys Scism does pro either ever put a
strain on you or test your friendship
yeah sometimes okay we have a lot
occasion be better off playing this week
on mud and he just fucking pencil box
we've gotta see through our full House's
may God nothing fucking donde gone fuck
yeah go on then don't plant let me all
right so you just fucking bullshit hey
fuck you
working change she's changing but how do
you find time for a girlfriend
all getting
go on
you